D	Phone	It's a tan cord phone with large buttons on the front. It seems to be in working order.	You hear Lucy say 'He'd like to see you. He seems less worried about the Martians now.', and Khan respond that he will come.	null	1
D	Newspaper	It's a Welsh newspaper from the small town in which the house resides, with the editor listed as 'Lucy Evans' at the top.	You notice the edges of the newspaper have been slightly torn, and there are tear tracks on the bottom. There are notes written in Lucy's handwriting on the paper, but nothing of importance.	null	1
D	Glass	A tumbler sits on the table, with a small amount of clear liquid on the bottom, and lipstick prints on the rim.	You pick up the glass and smell alcohol coming off the liquid in the bottom, most likely gin.	null	1
D	Lucy's trench coat	The trench coat is tan, with light blue plaid visible where the cuffs have been rolled up. It seems to have been abandoned on this chair, after Lucy came home.	There is nothing of interest about the coat, it's just a coat with nothing in the pockets.	null	1
L	Eliot's flask	The flask is silver, clearly-well used, with a pentagram painted on the side.	You unscrew the cap and take a sniff, and immediately pull back at the strong smell of scotch coming from the small opening. You wonder how much Eliot had been drinking lately.	null	1
L	Khan's book	The book is earmarked in so many places there are more turned over pages than not, and has some kind of satanic imagery on the front.	You flip through the pages and notice highlighted lines and notes in the margins, it looks as though Khan was studying some kind of ritual or satanic theory.	In the back of the book, it says 'I SURVIVED'.	5
L	Eliot's jacket	The jacket is black corduroy, with a bright red and yellow pattern on the inside. It looks like there might be something in the pocket.	The jacket is soft to the touch, and has a plethora of pockets for hiding various items. It is obviously well loved, and worn often.	You look in the pocket, and see a folded knife.	5
L	Eliot's pocket knife	The pocket knife is closed, you can't see much with it closed.	The blade is dull, and the handle has clear erosion where someone, you assume Eliot, has been gripping it in the same place for an extended period of time. You wonder what Eliot used the small knife for.	null	1
B	Photograph	The frame is tarnished silver, with interwoven metal around a slightly faded picture of two smiling people.	As you lift the faded picture, you can see Lucy and Eliot smiling back up at you, "in their graduation gowns in front of Cambridge University. You can see how much they care about each other, the way Eliot looks at Lucy like she holds the sun and the way she clings to him as if she were about to fall off a cliff. They clearly meant a lot to one another, at some point in time.	null	2
G	Eliot's father's shotgun	The shotgun looks old, from at least 30 years of use, and is laying crookedly on the carpet.	You pick up the shotgun carefully from the end with the handle, and notice it is slightly warm. The end of the gun has gunpowder on it, and you immediately drop it back on the carpet. Clearly something bad happened here.	null	5
G	Eliot's suicide note	The note is addressed to Lucy, maybe you shouldn't read it. It seems private.	The note consists of a meticulous account of how to clean and care for the gun, and no goodbye to Lucy despite the letter being addressed to her. There are no visible marks of anyone touching this note, you wonder if Lucy read it at all.	null	10